The requester is the person
putting in the order,
and that person's name goes in the requester field.
The originator of request is the individual
asking for the items.
The comments field is another open free text field
where you can add additional information
regarding delivery location or any special instructions.
At the prompt, would you like to review this request?
It is always best to say yes
and take the opportunity to look over the order
to confirm that the information is input correctly,
such as vendor, items, pricing, and contract number.
For this example, we said no.
After reviewing, if the order is accurate,
answer yes to the prompt,
"Is this request ready for approval?"
The 2237 will then be available
to the control point official, employee three in this case,
for approval and signature.